
executing: [sel_ldr -a -t -- "/lib/glibc/runnable-ld.so" --library-path "/lib/glibc" /bin/bash /bash-pipelines/catmbwc]
Lind v1.0-rc2
Opening file system...
done.
[8039,138290240:07:55:26.168181] BYPASSING ALL ACL CHECKS
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
 pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reachpipe read: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reachpipe write: should not reach

pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
 pipe write: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
pipe read: should not reach
4861280 122577760 647582720
[TimeInfo] NaCl main program time spent = 110.107047 
[TimeInfo] NaCl initialization time spent = 0.113733 
[TimeInfo] NaCl user program time spent = 109.993225 
Persisting metadata: ...
Done persisting metadata.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0951290130615 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.068187713623 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0340938568115 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0710487365723 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0660419464111 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.032901763916 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.028133392334 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.093936920166 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.028133392334 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0741481781006 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0271797180176 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0720024108887 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0648498535156 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.093936920166 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0998973846436 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0629425048828 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0770092010498 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0350475311279 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0691413879395 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0820159912109 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0641345977783 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0581741333008 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0348091125488 ms.
Call number 2 of type other took 0.032901763916 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0710487365723 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0748634338379 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0689029693604 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0550746917725 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.046968460083 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0560283660889 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0348091125488 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0720024108887 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0557899475098 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0500679016113 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0350475311279 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0710487365723 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0879764556885 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0312328338623 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.03981590271 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0557899475098 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0789165496826 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0631809234619 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0350475311279 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0770092010498 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 32 of type other took 0.0250339508057 ms.
Call number 32 of type other took 0.0171661376953 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.03981590271 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0698566436768 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0607967376709 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.03981590271 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0560283660889 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0557899475098 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.046968460083 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0381469726562 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0381469726562 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0350475311279 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0710487365723 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0879764556885 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0560283660889 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0510215759277 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0350475311279 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.075101852417 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.089168548584 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.032901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0689029693604 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0560283660889 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.046968460083 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0381469726562 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0338554382324 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0720024108887 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0607967376709 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0407695770264 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0560283660889 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0500679016113 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0650882720947 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0340938568115 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0758171081543 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0700950622559 ms.
Call number 3 of type other took 0.0109672546387 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0321865081787 ms.
Call number 24 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0300407409668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 66 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0989437103271 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0710487365723 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0298023223877 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0650882720947 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.089168548584 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.028133392334 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0698566436768 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0298023223877 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0700950622559 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0288486480713 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0691413879395 ms.
Call number 68 of type other took 0.0581741333008 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.213146209717 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.25200843811 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0450611114502 ms.
Call number 25 of type other took 0.0429153442383 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.089168548584 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.102996826172 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0400543212891 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0958442687988 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.729084014893 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0431537628174 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0810623168945 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0379085540771 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0967979431152 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.028133392334 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0231266021729 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0259876251221 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0259876251221 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.03981590271 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.814199447632 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0259876251221 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0441074371338 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0989437103271 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0238418579102 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0209808349609 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.124931335449 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.10085105896 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0429153442383 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0381469726562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0419616699219 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0429153442383 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0450611114502 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.046968460083 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.202894210815 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0338554382324 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.032901763916 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0288486480713 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0731945037842 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0309944152832 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.028133392334 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0741481781006 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 68 of type other took 0.0720024108887 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0839233398438 ms.
Call number 69 of type other took 0.0641345977783 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0979900360107 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0660419464111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0820159912109 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0479221343994 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0529289245605 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0629425048828 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0450611114502 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0438690185547 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 2 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0739097595215 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0419616699219 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0829696655273 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0450611114502 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0488758087158 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0500679016113 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0629425048828 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0491142272949 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0598430633545 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0519752502441 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0758171081543 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0410079956055 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0817775726318 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0331401824951 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0729560852051 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0479221343994 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0588893890381 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0510215759277 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0791549682617 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0648498535156 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0500679016113 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0479221343994 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0720024108887 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0791549682617 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.114917755127 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0638961791992 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0960826873779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0958442687988 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.51991844177 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0970363616943 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34897232056 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36303901672 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0908374786377 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.47294998169 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37901306152 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36494636536 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33419036865 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36709213257 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0917911529541 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.40881538391 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37805938721 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.089168548584 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.35707855225 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.45506858826 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.4009475708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.120162963867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33895874023 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.40118598938 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3861656189 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37996673584 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32608413696 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.4431476593 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0958442687988 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36280059814 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37782096863 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0960826873779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.38998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36590003967 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.35898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.093936920166 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32298469543 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3599395752 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39498710632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0948905944824 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3108253479 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32608413696 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.41906738281 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.35684013367 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39212608337 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0941753387451 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29890441895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34706497192 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32894515991 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3599395752 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37591362 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.093936920166 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3370513916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0908374786377 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33085250854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.38711929321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.093936920166 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33299827576 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.35898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0951290130615 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37495994568 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0910758972168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31392478943 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31893157959 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3689994812 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31797790527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0920295715332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34611129761 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32298469543 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0979900360107 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3210773468 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0917911529541 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39188766479 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118970870972 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25885009766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.102996826172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30915641785 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29318237305 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3530254364 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30987167358 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0979900360107 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31511688232 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0879764556885 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39713287354 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0929832458496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.28984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.089168548584 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0901222229004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32203102112 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0898838043213 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30701065063 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0858306884766 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.05595588684 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0889301300049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03211402893 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0879764556885 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03092193604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03402137756 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0879764556885 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03187561035 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.02996826172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0290145874 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.086784362793 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0359287262 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0858306884766 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03688240051 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03187561035 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0851154327393 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03402137756 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03187561035 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0870227813721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.02996826172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.1109790802 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.03878974915 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.01280212402 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0700950622559 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0760555267334 ms.
Call number 25 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0460147857666 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0841617584229 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0321865081787 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0269412994385 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0259876251221 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0262260437012 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0679492950439 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0691413879395 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0219345092773 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0181198120117 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0209808349609 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0200271606445 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0660419464111 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0209808349609 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0162124633789 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0190734863281 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0190734863281 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0660419464111 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0278949737549 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0650882720947 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0650882720947 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0209808349609 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0169277191162 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.0200271606445 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0200271606445 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.0650882720947 ms.
Call number 51 of type other took 0.0200271606445 ms.
Call number 53 of type other took 0.0169277191162 ms.
Call number 50 of type other took 0.018835067749 ms.
Call number 52 of type other took 0.0190734863281 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1109485626 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 2.24018096924 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0882148742676 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0629425048828 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0460147857666 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0369548797607 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.92499160767 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0388622283936 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0448226928711 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4931335449 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 31.8839550018 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0600814819336 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0438690185547 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0419616699219 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 31.455039978 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34992599487 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 17.2741413116 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0591278076172 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0629425048828 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0500679016113 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 16.3581371307 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.82795524597 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 19.8900699615 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0829696655273 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 69 of type other took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.198841094971 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 18.3219909668 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 8.52394104004 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.265836715698 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 4.15301322937 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 3.22484970093 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.242948532104 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.231981277466 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.242948532104 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.205039978027 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.211000442505 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.20694732666 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.125885009766 ms.
Call number 2 of type other took 0.11682510376 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.249862670898 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.205993652344 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 10.0409984589 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 7.14802742004 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.235080718994 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.78010559082 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 8.06713104248 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 6.29806518555 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.558137893677 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.306129455566 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.283002853394 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.272035598755 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.216007232666 ms.
Call number 9 of type other took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 10 of type other took 0.0848770141602 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0569820404053 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.43689727783 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.04093551636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 1.38187408447 ms.
Call number 14 of type other took 0.0481605529785 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4340057373 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.02710723877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 13.4220123291 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0832080841064 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0548362731934 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0779628753662 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0760555267334 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0741481781006 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0689029693604 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.06103515625 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.046968460083 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0579357147217 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0450611114502 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0338554382324 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0660419464111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6831531525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2420787811 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.29596138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.414133071899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2361183167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.237071991 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2520923615 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2978687286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2780799866 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849008560181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1948719025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2439861298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.961065292358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22904777527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0558738708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2909545898 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1138095856 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.874042510986 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21116638184 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2971534729 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.081861496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0329856873 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834226608276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3341083527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8310451508 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.93412399292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20282173157 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20115280151 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0561122894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0749473572 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.099981308 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0048522949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2861862183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0930671692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1130943298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.856876373291 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24216079712 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1088027954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.167930603 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2268199921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22714042664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0449066162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0561122894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3009681702 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0289325714 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.935077667236 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1269226074 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.392913818359 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0680332184 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1328830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3319625854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9781494141 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9299888611 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811815261841 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.308990478516 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 370.634078979 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1092.79799461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1477.62989998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.107049942017 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.286817550659 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.609874725342 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15919113159 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12318992615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11222267151 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143766403198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.124931335449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53882598877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541210174561 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15323066711 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.119924545288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09076499939 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.25188446045 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.891208648682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2108459473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916004180908 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2010707855 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.00493431091 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26814842224 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0759010315 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.256860733 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.947952270508 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22308731079 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36883354187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1648311615 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1870040894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2230052948 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.897884368896 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26004219055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1591091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2330188751 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25098228455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8448734283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1781826019 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1099948883 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.465154647827 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1378898621 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2299194336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1850967407 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 27.1441936493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 16.9200897217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383853912354 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.71682167053 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1788978577 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890970230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2158527374 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0840072632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21712684631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8300914764 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1727809906 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.11810112 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.835180282593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402212142944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.378131866455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0820999146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23596191406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7971897125 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1159553528 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0799541473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2449398041 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.864028930664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20782852173 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2389793396 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1970176697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0930671692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859022140503 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1018886566 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2629032135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0050907135 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.167930603 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9550228119 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 368.736982346 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1284.70993042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1663.05208206 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.0979900360107 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.99103355408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 2.27212905884 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.588893890381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143766403198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.230073928833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.556945800781 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143766403198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 10.9901428223 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1469497681 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859022140503 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2079849243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9099617004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9099617004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.379085540771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8451118469 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1488571167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.398874282837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0980739594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2120380402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2148990631 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.910043716431 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1688842773 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1819972992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1669769287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.783920288086 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2311115265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1591091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1450424194 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2709274292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1891498566 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372171401978 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9371414185 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827789306641 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.03083992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.95796585083 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24192237854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4759674072 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0089054108 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0408535004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.01613998413 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.3120174408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.406980514526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3429298401 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1610164642 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0449066162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2401714325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.926971435547 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19709968567 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1347904205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0210647583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2430324554 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.929832458496 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19495391846 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1288299561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0911598206 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.860929489136 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.377178192139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7411613464 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5758647919 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.999130249 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1638774872 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.937938690186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.11810112 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.392913818359 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22904777527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0229721069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0279788971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.418186187744 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23596191406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.379085540771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 183.898925781 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1180.72605133 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1370.75018883 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.117063522339 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.629901885986 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10077857971 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148773193359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.556945800781 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493764877319 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09720230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.191926956177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543117523193 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.10692596436 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.784873962402 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2239589691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.398874282837 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0449066162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0511054993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2489929199 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19018554688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.130022049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24001502991 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1040344238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0229721069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.857830047607 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2191905975 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.958919525146 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2800693512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1831893921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.415086746216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2799873352 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21212005615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0320320129 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393152236938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1688842773 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.957012176514 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2640953064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.130022049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.866889953613 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441789627075 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23810768127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8200778961 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.109041214 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0768547058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1288299561 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2210979462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8579864502 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0630264282 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2321472168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7840766907 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471830368042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0930671692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0329856873 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2148990631 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.946998596191 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21808052063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0658874512 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.176990509 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1641159058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.909090042114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1521949768 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20401382446 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.059211731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2079849243 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3529434204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1099948883 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0470523834 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0968818665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.875949859619 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20902061462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2671127319 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.98387146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1691226959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 314.957141876 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1244.72093582 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1556.68497086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1060962677 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.642061233521 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10578536987 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148773193359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542163848877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19383430481 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.191926956177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.701904296875 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.54900550842 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16610527039 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.197887420654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.611066818237 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23286247253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367164611816 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 6.67405128479 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.382900238037 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420808792114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0389461517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.853061676025 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.377893447876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3159885406 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.880002975464 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.069940567 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36883354187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2311115265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836849212646 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0499134064 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2230052948 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.954866409302 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.34301185608 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1309757233 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.885009765625 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1970176697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19090080261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345230102539 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9678974152 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1059417725 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.946044921875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23906135559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393867492676 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1600627899 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.961065292358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23906135559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1169090271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36883354187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1698379517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24096870422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.57713890076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359773635864 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.394821166992 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.379085540771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.873960495 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2230052948 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3981590271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823974609375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475883483887 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.286901474 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9600296021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1159553528 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.975847244263 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.27816200256 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9850635529 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.821113586426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1750831604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8789672852 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.876188278198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1819972992 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8451118469 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.884056091309 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18112564087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2439861298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0048522949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1328830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890970230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2389793396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0410919189 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79083442688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1109485626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3031139374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0220184326 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789165496826 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1321678162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2830867767 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0301246643 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1200084686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9638442993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2668743134 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464200973511 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.992931366 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1638774872 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.908851623535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4580860138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794172286987 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372171401978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2787952423 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2759342194 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0561122894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 318.89796257 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 852.767944336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1228.70993614 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.119209289551 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.845909118652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.62894821167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533819198608 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16515159607 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537157058716 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.230073928833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.564098358154 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.18310546875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548124313354 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181198120117 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2059211731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25813484192 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.18310546875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17087364197 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19781494141 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.563144683838 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.564098358154 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1842250824 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.552892684937 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22809410095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188827514648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19018554688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.577926635742 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.562906265259 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 4.12607192993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.817060470581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0508670807 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.868082046509 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369787216187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1088027954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.29389762878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1850967407 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20782852173 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.394105911255 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0577812195 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9531154633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1440887451 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.98705291748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.31487846375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.392913818359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0980739594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.952005386353 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24096870422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3708248138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1338367462 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33585929871 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7149353027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21092796326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.406980514526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9528770447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33204460144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9500160217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.83589553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1011734009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9619369507 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.867128372192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.088060379 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345230102539 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1541023254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34015083313 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372886657715 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9059085846 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.882148742676 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1958255768 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1011734009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2492313385 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1800899506 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1839046478 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1507644653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2289657593 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793218612671 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2430324554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.412940979004 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8401050568 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19781494141 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1321678162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0840072632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.873804092407 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19709968567 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1638774872 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791072845459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22904777527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1002197266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0301246643 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1471881866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22809410095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.069940567 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0091438293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24096870422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9738578796 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436782836914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 369.415998459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1296.74911499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1668.31803322 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.113964080811 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.652074813843 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.187158584595 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20115280151 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14417076111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.604867935181 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547885894775 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16515159607 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.20694732666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189065933228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.563144683838 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23310089111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10721588135 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.190019607544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 4.10985946655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.274980545 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.41389465332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20115280151 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466823577881 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8689537048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8930339813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8820667267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9199752808 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7659568787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22785568237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8129253387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2149810791 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9369029999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1550559998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.891923904419 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8958950043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9349956512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8970870972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1688842773 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.901140213 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420808792114 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9588375092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22809410095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8238925934 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.903129577637 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.28984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1159553528 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.284040451 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23596191406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8520259857 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.482082366943 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8901729584 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53882598877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2149810791 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.039899826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3341083527 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9981765747 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17611885071 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7859840393 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3300552368 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3200416565 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.265920639 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.412940979004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.863075256348 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380992889404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9779109955 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8300914764 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.410079956055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2981071472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809192657471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3360157013 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3150348663 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411987304688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.414848327637 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2730731964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3229026794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9729042053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8880271912 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7909908295 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2731552124 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8548870087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393867492676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21593475342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.814914703369 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3422145844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8458271027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 419.656038284 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1012.75396347 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1432.80792236 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.116109848022 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.66089630127 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542163848877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20782852173 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192165374756 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1157989502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11079216003 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.221967697144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.566959381104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07908248901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.221967697144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.12385368347 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.819206237793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0890140533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2277736664 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26791000366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475883483887 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7828845978 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.926971435547 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20115280151 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1328830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2590065002 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2511386871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.195110321 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2210979462 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2451782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830173492432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1841430664 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2859477997 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.412940979004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2292041779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2649669647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.228012085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2611522675 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8310451508 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8401050568 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1529102325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1219158173 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827789306641 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45919418335 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1459960938 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2730731964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2311115265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402212142944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1901035309 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.885963439941 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2759342194 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.170791626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.784873962402 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2849941254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.878810882568 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23000144958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2089385986 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832796096802 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1970176697 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.247800827 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.256860733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21212005615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7630958557 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1128559113 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2458934784 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.856161117554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19495391846 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1891498566 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2900009155 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0749473572 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397205352783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 35.2799892426 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1296.75197601 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1332.44180679 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108957290649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.848054885864 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.649929046631 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17611885071 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533819198608 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.557899475098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16610527039 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.546932220459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.191926956177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.195026397705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2149810791 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.190019607544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19090080261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192880630493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21688842773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18112564087 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1670589447 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.564098358154 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.557899475098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188112258911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192165374756 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547170639038 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20806694031 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.567197799683 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19590759277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1568069458 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18112564087 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.187873840332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.561952590942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.196933746338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.582933425903 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.558137893677 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15919113159 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.196933746338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22308731079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 10.4420185089 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.195110321 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9519233704 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20401382446 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7690563202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383138656616 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26981735229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8308067322 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25813484192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.785030365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.41389465332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.27696990967 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7311477661 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.930070877075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.28602981567 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2871398926 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846862792969 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2590065002 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.848054885864 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2501850128 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2671127319 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.851154327393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.904001236 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387907028198 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.27387046814 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.472068786621 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7781162262 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7349624634 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.944852828979 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.27005577087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1579170227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849008560181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2549533844 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849008560181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345230102539 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1610164642 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.848054885864 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2640132904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846862792969 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1729373932 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847101211548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.853061676025 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2020244598 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849008560181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3450756073 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849008560181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8560791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.576972961426 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33490562439 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.6641521454 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.852108001709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.603914260864 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372886657715 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3682022095 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847101211548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2110843658 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847816467285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383138656616 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2201442719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85186958313 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3469829559 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.848054885864 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7819309235 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.37305259705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.6770267487 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.955104827881 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.35397911072 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2139453888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85711479187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.255191803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.850915908813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2969150543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1939182281 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859975814819 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.36303901672 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7709636688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.576972961426 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.42908096313 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.6159915924 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1691226959 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.857830047607 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464200973511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2358798981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.850915908813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1591091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85186958313 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1488571167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85711479187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.188911438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.948905944824 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.3530254364 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37693977356 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2640132904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.860929489136 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1450424194 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22690200806 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0389461517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9919776917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847816467285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1681690216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26791000366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46181678772 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 412.240982056 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1080.70611954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1495.41521072 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.117063522339 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.608921051025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09720230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11484527588 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153779983521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.123023986816 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53882598877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.01396369934 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4990940094 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388860702515 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1550559998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388145446777 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8780136108 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.895023345947 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1848583221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.907897949219 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25408172607 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1521949768 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26004219055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0780467987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0570659637 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80680847168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3338699341 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536203384399 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8930339813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8689537048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14178657532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0811462402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.852108001709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.926971435547 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25598907471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1381282806 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.48296356201 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.73902511597 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.6789340973 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.127161026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0301246643 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2609138489 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2511386871 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23691558838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7998123169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1669769287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456809997559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1529102325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2480392456 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0968818665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0611190796 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438213348389 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1948719025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.899076461792 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1990070343 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1610164642 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2427940369 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.051820755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.894069671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24001502991 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1910572052 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9678974152 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3981590271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0680332184 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.931978225708 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2139453888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9788646698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815153121948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1128559113 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.884056091309 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20687484741 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 319.385051727 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1276.74603462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1596.55094147 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108003616333 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.584840774536 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11079216003 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14417076111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.569105148315 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.205993652344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.125885009766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19383430481 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.15604019165 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.840187072754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.409126281738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3229026794 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481128692627 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.127161026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399827957153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0289325714 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2230052948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393867492676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0911598206 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1581554413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.382900238037 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1400356293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.256860733 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1779441833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.305021286 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25598907471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1088027954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1419429779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838994979858 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2630596161 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830173492432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475168228149 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2091770172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3319625854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1340751648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.188911438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.106180191 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1400356293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23596191406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.775970459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1030807495 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2089385986 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1259689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0499134064 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436782836914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.960826873779 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2538433075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.845909118652 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2671127319 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.89494133 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438213348389 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0809078217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1500492096 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2418403625 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.874042510986 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1681690216 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3450756073 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0861530304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0179653168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.386953353882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 235.316038132 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1128.70311737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1367.35010147 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.102043151855 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543832778931 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.214099884033 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49877166748 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493764877319 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148773193359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547170639038 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130176544189 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.194787979126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571966171265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.15604019165 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2890472412 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2458934784 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17015838623 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1281147003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1159553528 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.869035720825 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1858119965 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2649669647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.886917114258 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2469291687 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2041702271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.837087631226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385046005249 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21116638184 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431776046753 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1030807495 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0561122894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2921466827 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2420787811 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1431350708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2258663177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2680664062 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9099617004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436782836914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.379085540771 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1490955353 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1550559998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0968818665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1939182281 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.930070877075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37693977356 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416994094849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2768878937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2538433075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1731758118 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466823577881 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.149810791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.451803207397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1281147003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1340751648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2120380402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.986099243164 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26600265503 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2590065002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2469291687 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8029117584 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9149684906 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.415802001953 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2787952423 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1941566467 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0780467987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1111869812 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791788101196 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2611522675 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22499465942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0921134949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0861530304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0940208435 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5639438629 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809192657471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.03083992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1929645538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 238.984107971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1159.13510323 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1397.36199379 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108003616333 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.584125518799 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160217285156 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12318992615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485181808472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.123023986816 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533819198608 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.229835510254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.586032867432 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.66387176514 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0470523834 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.786066055298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2430324554 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.888109207153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18017196655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0809078217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.783920288086 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.842094421387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2108459473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18589401245 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.956058502197 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.905990600586 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17015838623 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2148990631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0558738708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1228694916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2110843658 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916004180908 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19709968567 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9879245758 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.784158706665 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2010707855 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854015350342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2680664062 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0370388031 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2640132904 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416994094849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1221542358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0570659637 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9919776917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.84400177002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0751857758 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3331546783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481843948364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.069940567 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0990276337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2928619385 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.482082366943 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.418901443481 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0010375977 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854015350342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2320652008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.417947769165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9960308075 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1510028839 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2699737549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.908136367798 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1779441833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.883102416992 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0029449463 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.417947769165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1650695801 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.90217590332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1670589447 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.195110321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.953830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2559070587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470161437988 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0120048523 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2168064117 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411987304688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9090080261 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.419139862061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.389099121094 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 185.00995636 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1060.71996689 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1248.39305878 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.107049942017 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.578165054321 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481128692627 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07884407043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0769367218 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07789039612 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489234924316 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07789039612 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508785247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484228134155 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.211000442505 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08122825623 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0781288147 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.125885009766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478982925415 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.13388824463 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3190879822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8720531464 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1328830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.820159912109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383853912354 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2799873352 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.948905944824 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25980377197 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1381282806 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.255191803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.867128372192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1710300446 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6190185547 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1171474457 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1247768402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1231079102 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.783920288086 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3178958893 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0859146118 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.395059585571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0239257812 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2079849243 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2170448303 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387907028198 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387907028198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8799209595 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.398874282837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9941234589 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.855922698975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1328830719 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.247800827 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.940084457397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21307373047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1469497681 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22618675232 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1760368347 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1209621429 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.406980514526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1488571167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.395059585571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2900009155 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2149810791 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7590427399 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0851993561 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.821113586426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.47492980957 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.179851532 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1071338654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.850915908813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1438503265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3820304871 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17015838623 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1297836304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0689868927 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1200084686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.909090042114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20091438293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1779441833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.917911529541 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17015838623 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1650695801 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475168228149 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310182571411 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9779109955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0830535889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380992889404 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22094154358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.039899826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 203.745126724 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1223.57010841 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1423.27594757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118017196655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798225402832 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.607967376709 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2469291687 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168800354004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.187873840332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148773193359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09577178955 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420808792114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.13603401184 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0658874512 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0549201965 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791072845459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6080513 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1331214905 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80680847168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.179851532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475168228149 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0248794556 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79083442688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3109817505 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20902061462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0389461517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0718479156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1772289276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3821849823 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0630264282 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20186805725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.051820755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9819641113 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.98180770874 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26791000366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0809078217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2489929199 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9531154633 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.864900589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0520591736 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.413179397583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20282173157 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0599269867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0170116425 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2199058533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0820999146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433206558228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1130943298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1309757233 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2378692627 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.081861496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0410919189 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1748447418 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.902891159058 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21521949768 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0148658752 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0611190796 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5739574432 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0458602905 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1309757233 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.92601776123 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1400356293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.27100944519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815153121948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 417.078018188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1316.72501564 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1727.40316391 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.111818313599 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16777420044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481843948364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481128692627 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481128692627 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.205993652344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07908248901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478982925415 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485181808472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09720230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.127077102661 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485181808472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.123023986816 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416994094849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.09001922607 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23906135559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0079517365 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1240615845 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1848583221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.911951065063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2690200806 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0470523834 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0718479156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.84114074707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438213348389 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1619701385 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0689868927 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1309757233 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3281478882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1269226074 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3898983002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416994094849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.39005279541 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1629238129 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838994979858 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2451782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.880002975464 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22284889221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2580528259 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.246131897 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1850967407 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25503540039 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1338367462 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.079000473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.841856002808 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2709274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0298862457 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0489597321 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85711479187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.888824462891 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17611885071 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2208595276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0220184326 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2289657593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1488571167 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0890140533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1169090271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4819278717 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 274.085998535 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 737.864971161 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1019.8969841 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.121831893921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847101211548 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.230073928833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.69785118103 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165224075317 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20806694031 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189781188965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.546932220459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15919113159 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12581253052 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.126838684082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20401382446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.546932220459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16419792175 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16777420044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12318992615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547885894775 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17087364197 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.200986862183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.56004524231 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.167846679688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 1.36113166809 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9521617889 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1431350708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2199058533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.04093551636 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.31988525391 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.382900238037 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0198726654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.887870788574 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373125076294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0031833649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478982925415 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0251178741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.167930603 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4549865723 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456809997559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0360851288 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.958919525146 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2629032135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1760368347 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571966171265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29580497742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9590759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.98387146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.482082366943 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2210979462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9371414185 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470876693726 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3770236969 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.932849884 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.941038131714 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.29199028015 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1059417725 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.975131988525 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22690200806 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.403011322 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.981010437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.905990600586 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4418735504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.888109207153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446796417236 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9998455048 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1259689331 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471830368042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22213363647 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8720531464 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1641159058 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9299888611 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1870040894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21808052063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367164611816 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9428634644 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0661258698 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33109092712 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9600296021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0289325714 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480890274048 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3370513916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9421482086 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9888782501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4180316925 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0890140533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480890274048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2780799866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0630264282 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.992931366 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.816822052002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2771263123 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1529102325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789165496826 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399827957153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.305021286 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9988918304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1281147003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.903129577637 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0139122009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1080875397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.868797302246 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464200973511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1359825134 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.957012176514 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22094154358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 186.983108521 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1088.72699738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1291.07499123 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108957290649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.26798248291 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.590801239014 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.63716888428 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0520591736 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.409841537476 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2590065002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25312805176 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0778083801 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.863075256348 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1221542358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1009349823 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24979019165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1150016785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0458602905 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2110843658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18184089661 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0320320129 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2058391571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.408887863159 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22213363647 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1731758118 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20401382446 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0759010315 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0069980621 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2439861298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25885009766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.097120285 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1161937714 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0332241058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.398874282837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3729705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.566959381104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0780467987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.038230896 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1669769287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5420093536 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0651721954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.097120285 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.409841537476 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3200416565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19209289551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0718479156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2079849243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24192237854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0410919189 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1262073517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1641159058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2609138489 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2330188751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.821113586426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0220184326 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5141143799 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9681358337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818014144897 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2430324554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 231.038808823 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1044.67797279 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1270.49589157 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.10085105896 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.558853149414 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470161437988 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12080574036 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.129222869873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.556945800781 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16014480591 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.124931335449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21808052063 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.16414642334 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2261047363 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3181343079 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2141838074 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1982097626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.410079956055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.130022049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.860929489136 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3212337494 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1510028839 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1719837189 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37693977356 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2609138489 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2718811035 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1791362762 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791072845459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2799873352 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2699737549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2261047363 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1901035309 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.78821182251 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441789627075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2787952423 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.946044921875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22904777527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1359825134 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454902648926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3138427734 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2509002686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2067928314 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2439861298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2511386871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.866174697876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.410795211792 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1808052063 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2449398041 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79083442688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.965118408203 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23119354248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1169090271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.839948654175 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1839046478 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2489929199 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2029781342 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3028755188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.936031341553 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2629032135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1579170227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.06501579285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385046005249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0069980621 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.967979431152 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26004219055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1338367462 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416040420532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3989582062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.588178634644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383138656616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.409841537476 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9190216064 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.944852828979 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372171401978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1150016785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.864028930664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367164611816 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.383853912354 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.335062027 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.90503692627 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 289.981126785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1104.72011566 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1487.48207092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.107049942017 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.635147094727 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12581253052 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11222267151 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12080574036 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10220909119 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.205039978027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 6.53290748596 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9650363922 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8360519409 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24311447144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9340419769 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8291378021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30105018616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7070674896 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.284040451 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17611885071 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2771263123 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.461101531982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3450756073 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.947952270508 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1929645538 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.216091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3012065887 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.414133071899 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23596191406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8129253387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7399692535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0360851288 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0830535889 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2859477997 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0339393616 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2408866882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23691558838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0279788971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0871067047 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387191772461 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22904777527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8758678436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7728710175 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.472068786621 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426769256592 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8961334229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475883483887 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0651721954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0451450348 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.099981308 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0470523834 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1870040894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33180618286 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431776046753 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.6999149323 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22094154358 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0768547058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.395059585571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.861883163452 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0689868927 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.601852417 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0539665222 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.812768936157 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1219158173 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9559764862 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1490955353 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25288963318 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9860172272 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 251.940011978 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1156.75401688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1409.62696075 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.120162963867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.59700012207 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508785247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166177749634 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547170639038 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20902061462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14417076111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17182731628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18589401245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542163848877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.563144683838 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537157058716 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.56791305542 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20687484741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 1.80816650391 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.875949859619 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.589931488 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9080543518 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2570991516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859022140503 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1459960938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364780426025 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367164611816 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0668411255 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9609832764 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503778457642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5350952148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838994979858 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9559764862 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.962972640991 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.377178192139 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2849941254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1071338654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9369029999 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.465869903564 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30391120911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8889808655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1028423309 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.879049301147 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23882293701 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8911266327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9178295135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2029781342 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80680847168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2261047363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1591091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.167930603 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.472068786621 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2060775757 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1119022369 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373125076294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.41389465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2680664062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372886657715 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1681690216 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.924110412598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1990070343 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1819972992 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1538639069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5629901886 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0179653168 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.94199180603 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5200748444 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.394105911255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1128559113 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0861530304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813961029053 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5548839569 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.817060470581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0420455933 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26194953918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310182571411 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8691921234 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1521949768 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 221.80891037 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1468.78290176 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1689.91613388 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118017196655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.588893890381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1157989502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.126838684082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485181808472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480175018311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153779983521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479936599731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07717514038 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.125169754028 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168800354004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10077857971 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07884407043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.0349445343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0749473572 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.186050415 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23620033264 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1150016785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1810436249 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.995874404907 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.30701065063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3128890991 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0401382446 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0780467987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1929645538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0990276337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0100975037 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22785568237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0902061462 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0840072632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2139453888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.931024551392 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19113922119 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20806694031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0158195496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1150016785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2928619385 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0289325714 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399827957153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0558738708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3240947723 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0661258698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0618343353 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1638774872 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.951051712036 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25885009766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1400356293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5291347504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0029449463 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1650695801 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916957855225 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1791362762 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0229721069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2919082642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0000839233 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1178627014 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.885963439941 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2041702271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9891166687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0811462402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.308990478516 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4759674072 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.308990478516 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0739936829 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.902891159058 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310182571411 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 148.029088974 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1232.72013664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1433.84504318 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.102996826172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.591039657593 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11484527588 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1157989502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.208854675293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.602960586548 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.129222869873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14917755127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131845474243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.199794769287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12318992615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08480453491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148773193359 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.419855117798 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.66792488098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785112380981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5608444214 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0260715485 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.926971435547 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20091438293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1750831604 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0921134949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.858068466187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1059417725 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25980377197 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8448734283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1088027954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0589733124 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2239589691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481128692627 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0820999146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798225402832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0198726654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1898651123 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22404098511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1178627014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388145446777 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22594833374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0258331299 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436782836914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0677947998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2559070587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.47492980957 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0871067047 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1071338654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.964164733887 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1159553528 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.954151153564 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.474214553833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0689868927 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44322013855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.176990509 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26004219055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.794090271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10483169556 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0551586151 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1629238129 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29699707031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8310451508 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8029117584 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1579170227 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.472068786621 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9240283966 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.130022049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9478702545 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7571353912 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.874996185303 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22117996216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 327.375888824 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1036.8950367 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1361.09089851 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.113010406494 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.837087631226 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.58388710022 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.198125839233 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14178657532 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.567197799683 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518798828125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19113922119 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189065933228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547885894775 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11484527588 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508785247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.205993652344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10220909119 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553131103516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.127077102661 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16920471191 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.10716438293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3338699341 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0840072632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388145446777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1700763702 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1591091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809192657471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1359825134 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.910997390747 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19805335999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1738910675 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.851154327393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1848583221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791072845459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.326002121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407218933105 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1841430664 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0351314545 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1490955353 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809192657471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2091770172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1290683746 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.867128372192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0871067047 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438213348389 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.877141952515 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1579170227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3331546783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15919113159 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431776046753 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438213348389 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0809078217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2299194336 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.910997390747 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2469291687 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1729373932 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1870040894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433206558228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3410224915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1670589447 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1541023254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.081861496 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1471881866 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2449398041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25503540039 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8598937988 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8238925934 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1099948883 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2089385986 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859975814819 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.274980545 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25002861023 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0341777802 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1350288391 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3131275177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.03083992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.822067260742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.008190155 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.820875167847 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4881267548 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.820159912109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 385.321140289 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 964.747905731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1357.94401169 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.102996826172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.602960586548 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09076499939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17683410645 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11293792725 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 6.84189796448 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1691226959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8339061737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1538639069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.389099121094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1269226074 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1071338654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.873804092407 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21808052063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.167930603 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3147964478 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22714042664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8539333344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.785030365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1119022369 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2170448303 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85711479187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1710300446 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1269226074 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478982925415 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31011009216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7318630219 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2401714325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1991634369 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.90503692627 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19495391846 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1741294861 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2320652008 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.953197479248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2321472168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1080875397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854015350342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2609138489 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480890274048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1891498566 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2480392456 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.420093536377 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24382972717 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8107795715 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1550559998 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1839046478 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1700763702 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.858068466187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1200084686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.850915908813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1650695801 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404119491577 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1428966522 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.897884368896 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811815261841 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1600627899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0680332184 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314235687256 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1569633484 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 425.116062164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1340.71302414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1757.77697563 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108957290649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.616788864136 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.563144683838 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137805938721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14917755127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543117523193 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542163848877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542163848877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16515159607 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539779663086 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.565052032471 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508785247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.191926956177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543832778931 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.579118728638 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543832778931 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 3.76796722412 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9330883026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3999118805 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1629238129 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854969024658 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0558738708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.960826873779 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.30295753479 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.265920639 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24883651733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8429660797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8701457977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479221343994 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433206558228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1400356293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2909545898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1459960938 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1791362762 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.216091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2268199921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.785827636719 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3000144958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2120380402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.887870788574 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0689868927 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470161437988 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2609138489 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.927925109863 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1519565582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2649669647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2380256653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1960639954 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3119354248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.479221343994 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2059211731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9121074677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454902648926 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0868682861 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.392198562622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2580528259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0918750763 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1059417725 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1278762817 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2549533844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21784210205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.794090271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0329856873 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808954238892 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2430324554 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.968933105469 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.109041214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.392913818359 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22499465942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0420455933 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 332.88192749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1020.6990242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1350.02112389 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.104904174805 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.576019287109 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466823577881 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.563859939575 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08313560486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09577178955 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481843948364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.127077102661 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46181678772 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.528812408447 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.56791305542 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09720230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.190019607544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11413002014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542879104614 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09720230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.0630569458 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2261047363 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.88906288147 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18684768677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2039318085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.900030136108 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1879577637 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.888109207153 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1941566467 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916957855225 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1710300446 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.784873962402 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2699737549 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.395059585571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0620727539 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.786066055298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.127161026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2048854828 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787973403931 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2699737549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.905990600586 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.179851532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20902061462 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8668079376 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0890140533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.784873962402 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1409893036 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789165496826 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433206558228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2652053833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.885963439941 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19280815125 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1989250183 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.907182693481 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19280815125 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1800899506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388860702515 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1629238129 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0570659637 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.90503692627 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1800899506 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2621059418 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.862121582031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20782852173 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2199058533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.898122787476 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1939182281 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.911951065063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19209289551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1760368347 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.959873199463 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.905990600586 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21593475342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1810436249 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.900030136108 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1870040894 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.875949859619 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2098922729 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.860929489136 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2059211731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2208595276 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916004180908 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1738910675 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0630264282 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.839948654175 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789165496826 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.228012085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859975814819 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20306015015 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2299194336 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.16682052612 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3000144958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425815582275 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0451450348 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1369361877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.840902328491 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2168064117 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.862121582031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2059211731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2509002686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9798183441 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.857830047607 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424146652222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1560096741 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2799873352 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11889839172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9779109955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.419855117798 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 183.346986771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1168.75004768 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1370.81599236 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.103950500488 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.195980072021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10077857971 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08623504639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.552177429199 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.559091567993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12318992615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11484527588 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14178657532 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553846359253 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09076499939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11103057861 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 5.08689880371 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.783205032349 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3000144958 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.903844833374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2218132019 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.842094421387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2451782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2561454773 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.840187072754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3109817505 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23810768127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393152236938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.815071106 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22404098511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8191242218 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2079849243 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.878095626831 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8789672852 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480890274048 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1990070343 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8510723114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1831893921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1631622314 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434875488281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37693977356 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0949745178 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2411251068 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.864028930664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2059211731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.382900238037 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2349262238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.921010971069 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1650695801 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.922203063965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.38902664185 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2909545898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.793933868408 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4468803406 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.414848327637 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0179653168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7709636688 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.78296661377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393152236938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3100280762 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3219490051 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2590065002 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3291015625 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2969150543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387907028198 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0670795441 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22213363647 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.7499828339 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791072845459 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.307882309 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.412940979004 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2199058533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2509002686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.410795211792 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2368335724 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2570991516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2120380402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795125961304 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.323141098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.41389465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2168064117 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2418403625 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.855922698975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1839046478 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.78813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.482082366943 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.4419460297 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.970125198364 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470876693726 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9950771332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.01804733276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0420455933 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.972032546997 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.476837158203 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0041370392 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.969171524048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 326.034069061 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1268.68391037 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1587.17918396 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.117063522339 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416040420532 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.403165817261 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495195388794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1031627655 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10983848572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08885765076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11818313599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178098678589 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.131130218506 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.46706199646 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.202178955078 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.567197799683 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12414360046 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537872314453 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21212005615 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.187873840332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14178657532 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188112258911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16515159607 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 4.08792495728 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.786066055298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.404834747314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.552022934 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0391845703 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1691226959 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.406980514526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3710632324 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805139541626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.408887863159 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0768547058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3319625854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16920471191 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0499134064 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0439529419 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2020244598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1021270752 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80680847168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0539665222 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1910572052 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.919818878174 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2399330139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9841098785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0348930359 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.787019729614 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.398874282837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6140117645 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.387191772461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0189189911 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0828151703 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.795841217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3062133789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0429992676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1519565582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446796417236 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0918750763 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800848007202 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463008880615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.284040451 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0279788971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0298862457 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.791788101196 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2628211975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13677978516 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0341777802 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.876903533936 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0449066162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809192657471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.197971344 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2871398926 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.952959060669 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2481212616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1331214905 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.961780548096 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.27577781677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402212142944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2950077057 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17015838623 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0351314545 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1438503265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.476121902466 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2199058533 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890016555786 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2051239014 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2668743134 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9390487671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810146331787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1660232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9450092316 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.81205368042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1269226074 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.967025756836 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22785568237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 287.24193573 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 880.757808685 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1171.88310623 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108003616333 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.576019287109 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17588043213 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12581253052 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15180015564 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502824783325 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19590759277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.125169754028 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14917755127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155210494995 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510215759277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525236129761 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 2.24900245667 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.816106796265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.417947769165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5670433044 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.89494133 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362157821655 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.277841568 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0379924774 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20997428894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8970870972 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0890140533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22308731079 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.843919754 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0799541473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.02090835571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.32083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3679637909 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9709968567 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.936031341553 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.32489204407 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.186050415 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19209289551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9309425354 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2008323669 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.579118728638 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25598907471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8761062622 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.099981308 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553846359253 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21092796326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9209289551 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0809078217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31988525391 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8889808655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9750499725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32894515991 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.368118286133 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9230747223 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0298862457 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.952005386353 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23691558838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2711658478 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830173492432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446796417236 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0539665222 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.02686882019 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.35803222656 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26194953918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9259357452 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454187393188 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0368003845 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.920057296753 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.29294395447 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402212142944 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5820636749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380992889404 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9869709015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0649337769 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.952959060669 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23405456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.353181839 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9559764862 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5319957733 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.913061142 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5849246979 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.862039566 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1757984161 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8827819824 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6659870148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37693977356 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9187831879 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0391845703 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.960111618042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25503540039 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3119354248 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827789306641 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0379924774 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33395195007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373125076294 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.862039566 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.363910675 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833034515381 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.932849884 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4771595001 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.84114074707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9440555573 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.967979431152 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24192237854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 411.867141724 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1108.74891281 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1544.31009293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.104904174805 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543832778931 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.538110733032 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189781188965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16086006165 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.126123428345 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12581253052 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20615959167 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14583969116 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527143478394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.18310546875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523805618286 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.203847885132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.195980072021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.177145004272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12891197205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 3.50403785706 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.814914703369 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.38322258 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.079000473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.35779380798 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9199752808 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0458602905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29699707031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8670463562 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380992889404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1419429779 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.616073608398 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34301185608 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.892080307 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9841098785 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.95009803772 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.25098228455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3319625854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0301246643 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3190879822 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444173812866 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.097120285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.368118286133 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9760036469 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5231742859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9519233704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0849609375 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825166702271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.475168228149 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4430656433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9659900665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3920440674 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890970230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9400024414 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.940084457397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.29389762878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354766845703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5720500946 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8370056152 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4051570892 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.869035720825 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9829177856 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.816822052002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2108459473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25908851624 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8999481201 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830888748169 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0198726654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.04594230652 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.31416320801 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2890472412 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827074050903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9681358337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4051570892 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.001991272 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.817775726318 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500202178955 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.368118286133 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4909877777 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9619369507 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4549865723 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9349956512 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818967819214 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5288963318 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8939876556 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.893115997314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3388767242 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.378847122192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0048522949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4318599701 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.158870697 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.83589553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314235687256 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0680332184 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2528076172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18112564087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0542049408 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.869035720825 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.395059585571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8980407715 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.394105911255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5169754028 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.86498260498 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9500160217 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 264.807939529 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1332.72719383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1606.53495789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.108957290649 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.584840774536 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10816955566 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170230865479 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548124313354 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.195980072021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53882598877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192880630493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166177749634 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176191329956 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.496864318848 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10793113708 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11079216003 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11699104309 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12509727478 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09219551086 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14917755127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.17786026001 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16419792175 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494956970215 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09314918518 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11389160156 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18184089661 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11198425293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.209808349609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0929107666 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11722946167 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.208854675293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.579118728638 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473022460938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 6.98685646057 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.851154327393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2530460358 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.910043716431 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2101306915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.402927398682 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0589733124 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1071338654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890016555786 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3019218445 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847816467285 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19709968567 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2399330139 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.867128372192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22809410095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.216091156 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26004219055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8210315704 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1698379517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0639801025 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1419429779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.388860702515 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2559070587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8479728699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1839046478 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1848583221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3519897461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401020050049 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8510723114 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1190547943 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1140480042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.401973724365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2420787811 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1541023254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2611522675 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21903419495 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8861198425 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1440887451 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.435829162598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0379924774 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.400066375732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0539665222 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.403881072998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2900009155 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507831573486 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1340751648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0248794556 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1600627899 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2499465942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393867492676 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22404098511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1901035309 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.810861587524 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432968139648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0868682861 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1238231659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0329856873 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.845193862915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9848251343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6008987427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.808000564575 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.097120285 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.86784362793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1009349823 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.850915908813 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.424861907959 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314235687256 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 171.271085739 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1456.76398277 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1657.57989883 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128030776978 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.71399116516 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.247001647949 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 2.33602523804 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2481212616 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.566959381104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543117523193 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139236450195 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.557899475098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18684768677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.58913230896 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19209289551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.558137893677 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16515159607 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16610527039 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17683410645 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.559091567993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17492675781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548124313354 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16610527039 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.556945800781 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.167846679688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.723123550415 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.30391120911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.92601776123 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141859054565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.558137893677 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553846359253 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547885894775 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.631093978882 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26194953918 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173807144165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52809715271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.650882720947 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26099586487 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17921829224 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.557899475098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135183334351 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23691558838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531196594238 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571966171265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.558853149414 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.28793716431 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.546932220459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18207931519 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.559091567993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21712684631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.715970993042 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39498710632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.586986541748 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.223159790039 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.575065612793 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21998786926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553131103516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.58913230896 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.26981735229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.567197799683 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18494033813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21188163757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18088722229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553131103516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25598907471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21307373047 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1380443573 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542879104614 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18398666382 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.543117523193 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20711326599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24788284302 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12795829773 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.187158584595 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 9.08088684082 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.463962554932 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2489929199 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2518539429 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0260715485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.464916229248 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2060775757 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.846147537231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454187393188 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8699073792 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430107116699 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20496749878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8160247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.992059707642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.28102302551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0980739594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.84400177002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460863113403 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4189853668 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9531154633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854015350342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0840072632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416040420532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0050907135 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826835632324 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.397920608521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.377893447876 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4449729919 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470161437988 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9781494141 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859975814819 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1278762817 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.816106796265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6950740814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.827789306641 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9521617889 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890970230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9769573212 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.820875167847 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4101638794 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9860172272 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.32203102112 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9068622589 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0010375977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.28483772278 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454187393188 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0141506195 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0038986206 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.31106376648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0599269867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.887155532837 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373125076294 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9318962097 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.82802772522 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1371746063 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.38902664185 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.871099472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0511054993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.830173492432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1891498566 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.34515762329 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9338035583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.999130249 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.946998596191 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22404098511 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3620033264 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832080841064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9998455048 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.916957855225 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.26600265503 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.438928604126 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.6190185547 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9171142578 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.828981399536 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9829177856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8579864502 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0468139648 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1779441833 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925064086914 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.33609771729 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478029251099 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.39093399048 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9729042053 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.83589553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454902648926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9059085846 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.829935073853 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2120380402 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484943389893 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19590759277 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36883354187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9619369507 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.83589553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1319293976 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17802619934 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9051933289 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.900030136108 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 218.734025955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1543.53499413 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1753.22604179 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.125885009766 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.85711479187 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.68187713623 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20091438293 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.552892684937 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17707252502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140190124512 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.568151473999 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166177749634 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.548839569092 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.210046768188 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.581979751587 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192880630493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555038452148 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16713142395 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15585327148 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186920166016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13987922668 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537157058716 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19805335999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.131772995 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22714042664 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189065933228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189781188965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163793563843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15084648132 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153779983521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18613243103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.186204910278 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545024871826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16682052612 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163793563843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.561952590942 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.537157058716 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.562906265259 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20902061462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.189065933228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.566959381104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.201225280762 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542879104614 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.138998031616 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53882598877 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19113922119 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185966491699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19113922119 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571012496948 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571966171265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16395950317 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13821029663 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17111206055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.971950531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.837087631226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838994979858 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.469923019409 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.28817558289 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9779109955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.863790512085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396966934204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0980739594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1309757233 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373125076294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2148990631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17993354797 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0229721069 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.426054000854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.368118286133 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0208263397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.893115997314 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.417232513428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1128559113 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372886657715 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1788978577 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.940084457397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24716758728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372171401978 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1178627014 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.913858413696 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.27410888672 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1970176697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2378692627 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9731426239 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.892877578735 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.471115112305 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9869709015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.859975814819 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1638774872 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.379085540771 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29699707031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0210647583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.835180282593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.377893447876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0799541473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.871896743774 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458002090454 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0270252228 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825166702271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454902648926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3679637909 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375032424927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1030807495 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.00708007812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.33895874023 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.079000473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.844955444336 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454187393188 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1741294861 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.459909439087 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2891292572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468015670776 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.039899826 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0959281921 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0499134064 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.861883163452 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.416040420532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2308731079 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20306015015 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0830535889 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.833988189697 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36883354187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.059211731 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.869989395142 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.382900238037 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0289325714 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823974609375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369787216187 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.4719142914 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.837087631226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9898319244 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.882148742676 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.378847122192 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5322341919 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348806381226 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.37407875061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0210647583 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.836133956909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.371932983398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.079000473 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2919082642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19996070862 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.366926193237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9681358337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.837802886963 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0170116425 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5229358673 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838041305542 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.468969345093 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9178295135 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.894069671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.454902648926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1150016785 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481843948364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.33895874023 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9647979736 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9450092316 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.3530254364 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9731426239 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.841856002808 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9371414185 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.890970230103 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23810768127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2730731964 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.29294395447 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.456094741821 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8050575256 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.854015350342 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.544786453247 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.24502182007 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 386.343955994 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 932.706832886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1311.21492386 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1060962677 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.88906288147 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55980682373 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.545978546143 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16109848022 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158786773682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.173091888428 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19090080261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15609169006 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17516517639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12986564636 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521183013916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.161170959473 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.533103942871 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19090080261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.51212310791 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12390518188 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.56004524231 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17087364197 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182867050171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12819671631 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508785247803 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169038772583 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.522136688232 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188112258911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.135898590088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.527858734131 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14607810974 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18184089661 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20711326599 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.52285194397 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1248588562 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.193119049072 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.555992126465 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15489959717 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188112258911 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133037567139 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.568151473999 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1670589447 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.190019607544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532865524292 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15013122559 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.552892684937 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16777420044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.539064407349 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16419792175 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526905059814 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.19097328186 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540971755981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.547885894775 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16300582886 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.54407119751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16491317749 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524044036865 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1420249939 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16205215454 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 4.10413742065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.847101211548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9769573212 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.45108795166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2289657593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20806694031 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.451803207397 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.98387146 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0539665222 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.825881958008 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2311115265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480175018311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18803977966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0260715485 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0618343353 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823974609375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2401714325 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21212005615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9140148163 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449895858765 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340223312378 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1419429779 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.925779342651 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380992889404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1610164642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.473976135254 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19495391846 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450134277344 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9369029999 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823974609375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1138095856 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.946998596191 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23810768127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.47492980957 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18899345398 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0089054108 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.860929489136 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0029449463 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.879049301147 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2098922729 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1739730835 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.445127487183 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9578838348 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.822067260742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2321472168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.44584274292 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8968486786 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.824928283691 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1600627899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.25694274902 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9459629059 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0599269867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.18708610535 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370025634766 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3081207275 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.822067260742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.821113586426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2690200806 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.867128372192 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2170448303 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.864028930664 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.19614601135 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2220516205 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.942945480347 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.368118286133 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1388435364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.921010971069 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24096870422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1648311615 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19400024414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0189189911 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823020935059 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.821113586426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.455856323242 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365018844604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2110843658 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.943183898926 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.23500823975 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.386953353882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.157201767 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485181808472 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433921813965 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9080543518 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.462055206299 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3981590271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8989944458 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.2149810791 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330209732056 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2768878937 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439882278442 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2380256653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2649669647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2830867767 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832796096802 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2680664062 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1842250824 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0968818665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0580196381 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.434160232544 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.372886657715 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1848583221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792980194092 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440835952759 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2699737549 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14893913269 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363826751709 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8851661682 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 291.741847992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1184.75985527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1502.60996819 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118017196655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.570058822632 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.523090362549 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.521898269653 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14297866821 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.549077987671 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16586685181 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20806694031 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12915039062 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152826309204 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497817993164 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10602378845 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136852264404 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.15115737915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.559091567993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11222267151 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09505653381 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13010406494 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156164169312 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11508369446 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.18112564087 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.552892684937 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550031661987 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12104415894 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1088848114 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0998249054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.191211700439 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541925430298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10507011414 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.50687789917 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.535011291504 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.176906585693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.497102737427 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09815597534 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11603736877 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147819519043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0941028595 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504016876221 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.133991241455 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.540018081665 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515222549438 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11079216003 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17897987366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20615959167 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.536918640137 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1260509491 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.134944915771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.529050827026 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12199783325 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.132083892822 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.557899475098 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16181373596 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.506162643433 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.168085098267 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.531911849976 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16801261902 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.178813934326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503063201904 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09791755676 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.503778457642 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09601020813 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09195709229 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.564813613892 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13105773926 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10006332397 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.507116317749 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.55193901062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09887123108 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.502109527588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09386444092 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.18310546875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10411643982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 8.16106796265 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.823974609375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.411033630371 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2318267822 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2480392456 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802993774414 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.417947769165 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357866287231 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.265920639 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441789627075 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2549533844 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80680847168 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2299194336 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789880752563 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452995300293 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369787216187 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.369071960449 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3369693756 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.802040100098 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2539997101 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2208595276 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.452041625977 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.375986099243 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3689174652 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.83589553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.477075576782 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0239257812 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.843048095703 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1920108795 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.826120376587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1691226959 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.958919525146 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24597549438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.370979309082 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.373840332031 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3989582062 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831842422485 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.394105911255 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2339725494 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831127166748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.46181678772 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.364065170288 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0668411255 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801086425781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.450849533081 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2621059418 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447988510132 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3081207275 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.40602684021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361919403076 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1791362762 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2509002686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.361204147339 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.216091156 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.84400177002 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.453948974609 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346183776855 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2549533844 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442028045654 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2270584106 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343799591064 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1719837189 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.800132751465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.408887863159 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.359058380127 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2179985046 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.20703125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331163406372 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2509002686 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.813007354736 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.465869903564 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358819961548 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3269557953 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.218952179 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80394744873 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.407934188843 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.139081955 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.801801681519 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.460147857666 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.358104705811 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2330188751 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.839948654175 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.443935394287 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341892242432 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1321678162 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.792026519775 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.442981719971 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.363111495972 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2821331024 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.874042510986 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21116638184 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2129917145 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.839948654175 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.449180603027 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391960144043 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2790336609 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.409126281738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.344038009644 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.36096572876 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2001171112 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.805854797363 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1669769287 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.807046890259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2470855713 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.947952270508 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.22690200806 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1049880981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.952959060669 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.24096870422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1610164642 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.441074371338 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.430822372437 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.360012054443 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356197357178 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.818014144897 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1171474457 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0899677277 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.886917114258 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1.21688842773 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347852706909 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 145.929813385 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1104.74801064 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1249.38106537 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.102996826172 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794172286987 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501871109009 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.500917434692 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11985206604 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08408927917 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08909606934 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12080574036 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487804412842 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.140905380249 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.481843948364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13081932068 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192165374756 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07908248901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07717514038 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16896629333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49901008606 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09696388245 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07979774475 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.145196914673 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.174999237061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12700462341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.07908248901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17206573486 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0871887207 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10387802124 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.130891799927 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10292434692 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.478982925415 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1100769043 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492095947266 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.483989715576 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09481811523 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.175952911377 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.499963760376 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11484527588 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12295150757 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17087364197 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.490188598633 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08218193054 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.196933746338 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.541210174561 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.170946121216 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08098983765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0781288147 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14989280701 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.501155853271 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08504295349 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08003616333 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.553131103516 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14393234253 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172853469849 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.495910644531 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49090385437 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08289718628 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1191368103 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.172138214111 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.492811203003 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08194351196 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10197067261 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14822387695 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.49614906311 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.12993812561 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15704536438 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.128984451294 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.554084777832 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.16991996765 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.171899795532 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.491857528687 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488042831421 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144004821777 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.487089157104 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12009048462 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.485897064209 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.0838508606 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.141143798828 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09004974365 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.136137008667 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14798545837 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.493049621582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142097473145 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.484228134155 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11794471741 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.179052352905 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08814239502 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.143051147461 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486850738525 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.11317634583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146150588989 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.09100341797 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.486135482788 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08981132507 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.127077102661 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14417076111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.142812728882 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.489950180054 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08599662781 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.144958496094 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10697746277 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180006027222 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.498056411743 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08790397644 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.139951705933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.480890274048 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.488996505737 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.08695030212 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.192880630493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.550985336304 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10912322998 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 6.57606124878 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.494003295898 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.423908233643 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.090921402 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.79607963562 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1989250183 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.852823257446 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.419139862061 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.365972518921 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1819972992 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.832796096802 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.439167022705 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.3662109375 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1479034424 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.786066055298 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2809410095 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.2309551239 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0568275452 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.798940658569 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.466108322144 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1388435364 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.405073165894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1228694916 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428199768066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.3610496521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.444889068604 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.10101699829 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.820159912109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.447034835815 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328779220581 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336885452271 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2799873352 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43797492981 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.225233078 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.348091125488 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8479728699 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.47492980957 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15418434143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1431350708 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.396013259888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0389461517 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345230102539 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2139453888 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.794887542725 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2549533844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1830329895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.431060791016 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.381946563721 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1641159058 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797986984253 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.432014465332 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.367879867554 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1829509735 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0599269867 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.80418586731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.448942184448 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335216522217 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.158870697 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.790119171143 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.437021255493 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.277841568 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.440120697021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22785568237 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.429153442383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.352144241333 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1250152588 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.796794891357 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342130661011 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1130943298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.831127166748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.1130943298 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.849962234497 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.391006469727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.130022049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.380039215088 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20782852173 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.43511390686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0511054993 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.797033309937 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.458955764771 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0701789856 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.789165496826 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.457048416138 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2168064117 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815868377686 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.446081161499 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.343084335327 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2020244598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.421047210693 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23715400696 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.8341445923 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.470161437988 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.12581253052 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32377243042 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0911598206 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799179077148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338792800903 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0708942413 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.799894332886 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42986869812 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.384092330933 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2559070587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19185447693 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.474214553833 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0730400085 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.811100006104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427961349487 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 11.9969844818 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.788927078247 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.422954559326 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2818946838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.399112701416 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.22594833374 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.34499168396 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0470523834 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.838994979858 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.393867492676 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349044799805 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0258331299 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.806093215942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.433206558228 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314235687256 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.2020244598 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.385999679565 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21712684631 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.428915023804 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.346899032593 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332832336426 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0530128479 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.804901123047 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.427007675171 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.309944152832 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.0098590851 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.815153121948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.425100326538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.315189361572 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312805175781 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.310897827148 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311136245728 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.345945358276 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 12.5319957733 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.809907913208 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.42200088501 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.347137451172 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.311851501465 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.312089920044 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 282.23991394 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 700.758934021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 1033.73789787 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118017196655 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.834941864014 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.14591217041 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.560998916626 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1670589447 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517845153809 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.165939331055 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164031982422 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.53596496582 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19686126709 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.169992446899 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.546932220459 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15990638733 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.17301940918 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1899471283 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.148057937622 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.13279914856 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530004501343 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1579990387 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.23310089111 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.185012817383 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150203704834 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516176223755 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14512443542 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.146865844727 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.568866729736 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19304656982 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.182151794434 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519990921021 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162839889526 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14703178406 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.164985656738 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13415718079 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.542879104614 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.19495391846 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157833099365 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.181913375854 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.525951385498 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15394592285 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.180959701538 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.524997711182 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.162124633789 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505208969116 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14488601685 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.147104263306 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.534057617188 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15895271301 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.526189804077 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.188827514648 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.48303604126 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.155925750732 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.532150268555 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15203857422 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.18310546875 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15513801575 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.163078308105 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14107131958 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1351108551 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511169433594 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13487243652 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.157117843628 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509977340698 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.20210647583 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518798828125 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13797187805 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.16188621521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.515937805176 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.512838363647 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13916397095 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.519037246704 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.21593475342 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.154972076416 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.520944595337 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13606452942 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.160932540894 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514984130859 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13296508789 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149965286255 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.505924224854 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.150918960571 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.149011611938 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.504970550537 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13201141357 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.184059143066 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.517129898071 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.15299224854 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.510931015015 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.151872634888 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.14011764526 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513076782227 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13582611084 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159025192261 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.518083572388 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.140832901 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.158071517944 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.508069992065 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.1510848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.156879425049 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.516891479492 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.152111053467 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.509023666382 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13320350647 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.153064727783 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.511884689331 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13892555237 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.1540184021 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.514030456543 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13701820374 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.159978866577 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.513792037964 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 1.13391876221 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.137090682983 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.530958175659 ms.
Call number 13 of type pipe write took 0.933885574341 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.166893005371 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0810623168945 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.109910964966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.648975372314 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0519752502441 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 30 of type other took 0.436067581177 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.571966171265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334024429321 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32901763916 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325202941895 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.356912612915 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353813171387 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.330924987793 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.33712387085 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.336170196533 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.337839126587 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.353097915649 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.329971313477 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.350952148438 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.338077545166 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.35285949707 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.349998474121 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.341176986694 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327825546265 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322818756104 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.342845916748 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.331878662109 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326871871948 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339984893799 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.354051589966 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.326156616211 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333070755005 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351905822754 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324964523315 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.333786010742 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31590461731 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.321865081787 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.332117080688 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318765640259 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.357151031494 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.362873077393 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.313997268677 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355958938599 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.339031219482 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.324010848999 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316143035889 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.325918197632 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.32114982605 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.351190567017 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.322103500366 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.328063964844 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.316858291626 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.334978103638 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320911407471 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.318050384521 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.323057174683 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.320196151733 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.314950942993 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.355005264282 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.340938568115 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319004058838 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317096710205 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.31304359436 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.335931777954 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.319957733154 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.327110290527 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.317811965942 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.174045562744 ms.
Call number 12 of type pipe read took 0.0948905944824 ms.
Call number 17 of type other took 0.0669956207275 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0491142272949 ms.
Call number 13 of type other took 0.0619888305664 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0319480895996 ms.
Call number 21 of type other took 0.0391006469727 ms.
Call number 11 of type other took 0.0290870666504 ms.
Call number 30 of type other took 0.255107879639 ms.
Call number 12 of type file read took 0.118970870972 ms.
Call number 30 of type other took 0.282049179077 ms.
total time 146284.028053 ms.
Terminated
